Link to v6 plan in the README (#6375)
jupyter/notebook: README.md

The Jupyter Notebook project is currently undertaking a transition to a more modern code base built from the ground-up using JupyterLab components and extensions.

There is new stream of work which was submitted and then accepted as a Jupyter Enhancement Proposal (JEP) as part of the next version (v7): https://jupyter.org/enhancement-proposals/79-notebook-v7/notebook-v7.html

> There is also a plan to move forward the current version (v6): https://github.com/jupyter/notebook-team-compass/issues/5#issuecomment-1085254000

Reviewer: Maybe something like the following to not give the false impression v6 will actively be maintained?

```suggestion
There is also a plan to continue maintaining Notebook v6 with bug and security fixes only, to ease the transition to Notebook v7: https://github.com/jupyter/notebook-team-compass/issues/5#issuecomment-1085254000
```
